.TH mlod2ir 1 "February 2026" "arma-tools" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
mlod2ir \- convert P3D models to normalized LOD IR and validate object-type requirements
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mlod2ir
.RI [ flags ]
.I input.p3d
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mlod2ir
reads a P3D model (MLOD-first workflow), emits a normalized JSON IR, and
runs requirement checks driven by object-type profiles.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --object-type \fITYPE\fR
Select profile (default:
.BR STATIC_PROP ).
.TP
.B --list-object-types
Print supported profile IDs.
.TP
.B --output \fIpath\fR
Write JSON file to path.
.TP
.B --json
Write JSON to stdout.
.TP
.B --pretty
Pretty-print JSON output.
.TP
.B --validate-only
Emit compact validation-centric JSON.
.TP
.B --enterable
Enable conditional checks that require enterable LODs (for example
.BR ROADWAY ).
.TP
.B --walkable
Enable conditional checks for walkable surfaces.
.TP
.B --ai-pathing
Enable conditional checks for AI pathing LODs (for example
.BR PATH ).
.TP
.B --damage-zones
Enable conditional checks for damage-zone LODs (for example
.BR HITPOINTS ).
.TP
.B --driver-view
Enable driver/pilot first-person view LOD checks.
.TP
.B --cargo-view
Enable cargo first-person view LOD checks.
.TP
.B --gunner-view
Enable gunner first-person view LOD checks.
.TP
.B --commander-view
Enable commander first-person view LOD checks.
.TP
.BR -h , " --help"
Show help.
.SH OUTPUT
By default, output is written to
.BR <input_stem>_mlod2ir/model_ir.json .
With
.B --json
it is written to stdout.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR p3d_info (1)
